projects/03_coffee_shop_full_stack/starter_code/README.md, before:

# Coffee Shop Full Stack

## Full Stack Nano - IAM Final Project

Udacity has decided to open a new digitally enabled cafe for students to order drinks, socialize, and study hard. But they need help setting up their menu experience.

You have been called on to demonstrate your newly learned skills to create a full stack drink menu application. The application must:

1) Display graphics representing the ratios of ingredients in each drink.
2) Allow public users to view drink names and graphics.
3) Allow the shop baristas to see the recipe information.
4) Allow the shop managers to create new drinks and edit existing drinks.

## Tasks

There are `@TODO` comments throughout project. We recommend tackling the sections in order. Start by reading the READMEs in:

1. [`./backend/`](./backend/README.md)
2. [`./frontend/`](./frontend/README.md)

## About the Stack

We started the full stack application for you. It is desiged with some key functional areas:

### Backend

The `./backend` directory contains a partially completed Flask server with a pre-written SQLAlchemy module to simplify your data needs. You will need to complete the required endpoints, configure, and integrate Auth0 for authentication.

[View the README.md within ./backend for more details.](./backend/README.md)

### Frontend

The `./frontend` directory contains a complete Ionic frontend to consume the data from the Flask server. You will only need to update the environment variables found within (./frontend/src/environment/environment.ts) to reflect the Auth0 configuration details set up for the backend app. 

[View the README.md within ./frontend for more details.](./frontend/README.md)

Commit message:

cleaning up code and comments

projects/03_coffee_shop_full_stack/starter_code/README.md, after:

# Coffee Shop Full Stack

## Full Stack Nano - IAM Final Project

Udacity has decided to open a new digitally enabled cafe for students to order drinks, socialize, and study hard. But they need help setting up their menu experience.

You have been called on to demonstrate your newly learned skills to create a full stack drink menu application. The application must:

1) Display graphics representing the ratios of ingredients in each drink.
2) Allow public users to view drink names and graphics.
3) Allow the shop baristas to see the recipe information.
4) Allow the shop managers to create new drinks and edit existing drinks.

## Running project

First, install dependencies for the backend and run the server. Then install dependecies for the frontend and run the server.

### Backend

The `./backend` directory contains a Flask server with a SQLAlchemy module to model the data. It also handles the bulk of authentication and authorization work.

[View the README.md within ./backend for more details on installing dependecies and running the server.](./backend/README.md)

### Frontend

The `./frontend` directory contains a complete Ionic frontend to consume the data from the Flask server. You will only need to update the environment variables found within (./frontend/src/environment/environment.ts) to reflect the Auth0 configuration details set up for the backend app. 

[View the README.md within ./frontend for more details on installing dependencies and running the server.](./frontend/README.md)
